A communicable meaning is a meaning that has at least one encoding. There
must be at minimum one encoding of a meaning and at minimum one agent
which knows the decoding function to say that the meaning can be
understood. If a meaning is not understood, then it is not communicated. I
believe it would be extremely beneficial if all communicable meanings, the
"signified" in a semiotic sense, are signifiable and resolvable through
one common mechanism. In the web, the closest mechanism we have is the
URL. I think a petname and content-addressable mechanismÂ is the ideal
solution.

Communicable Meaning -> Multiple Encodings -> Multiple Signifiers

Communicable Meanings -> Single Encoding (Collision) -> Single Signifier

The real Web of Meaning is in peoples head.

The resolution function is a function for the decentralized dereferencing
of things. This is a traversal of a Hypergraph. The resolution function
itself is a thing, referrable by its identifier. every identifier is
produced by a homogenous identification function mapping things onto
smaller things, called identifiers. the size of things is defined by the
number of bits of information for the thing. A hashing function is a good
conteder for the homogenous identification function. The normalization of
things to encodings should not be enforced, but rather utilized as needed
by agents on the network. The most popular encoding of a thing would win
out over time. Determining why encodings are prefered by agents is
important. Building a network where constructive meaning-making is
incentivised is important. Just like Identifiers can collide, Meaning can
collide by overloading the same representation. This is why Context is
required to resolve meaning. The Collision of Signifiers is rigorously
understood under the mathematics of hashing functions. The Collision of
Encodings (The Overloading of Meaning) is not as well understood.

We need to move from a web of information to a web of meaning.